There's a direct question from Hanh
Thao's account, so please welcome Hanh Thao. "
Greetings, Madam.
I've only recently come to know
about Buddhism. I'd like to ask
you about my work: I'm currently engaged in the slaughtering of animals, specifically
chickens and ducks. I've received guidance from my
master and your teachings, and I
understand the
law of karma, which makes me very
afraid. I want to ask how I can
transform
this karma of killing. Because if I
quit now, I
won't have anything to do and I have two young children to support. I'm very
scared, but I don't know how to
quit yet. Because of the need to earn a living, I
can't quit immediately. Please
guide me so I can practice and
transform my karma, so I can find
work and earn an income to support my children. Thank you." "Respectfully,
dear fellow practitioners, regarding
your karma of killing,
please tell me what kind of animals you are killing
and what you are trading so I can help
you."  Okay, I understand. Yes, I butcher chickens and ducks and
sell them at Nhu Quynh market in Hung Yen.
So, you're butchering live chickens and ducks, right?
Yes, I'll pluck the feathers,
then cut their throats. I catch the chickens, cut their throats, then
dip them in water and butcher them. Regarding
this, I'll share this: the act of
killing animals shortens our lifespan and health every day we do it.
If you can't give up
this profession, you can sell something else. For example, grilled
meat.
Even though it's still killing, you can
sell something else. For example, with
grilled meat, you don't need to
put meat on the carcass or anything;
you just take the pieces of meat that
people have already killed.
Or you can take the animals that others have already killed and process them
yourself. And
you
shouldn't maintain this for too long. During this process,
you can practice and change your karma.
During this process, if you haven't
given up your current profession, you should do this:
diligently practice, repent, and dedicate your merits.
Ask for the opportunity to change
professions. Changing professions is something many people
in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club
have already done.
Many people have successfully changed professions.
For example, if someone wants to
change professions, like selling fruits or
something else, we ask for that. But
in reality,
these professions involving killing animals don't
bring us
wealth or long-term health.
So we should abandon them.
We should pray daily to Buddha for the opportunity to
change our profession and
sell something else.
For example, if we
sell something and only earn 5 dong, but we keep
5 dong for ourselves, that's better than
earning 10 dong and
losing 6 dong,
leaving only 4 dong. That's why I still
advise you to repent.  You should
practice Buddhism and repent. Besides
your work time, you
should practice the Sutra of the Buddha's Name at home.
Then, you should ask the Buddha for protection and dedicate the
merit to yourself so that you have the necessary conditions to
switch to
other businesses that provide
income to support your family and are
suitable for your practice. This is something you
can do in a
short time.
You can limit your activities during this process. You can also
get more goods to sell. You can sell
more goods while you're doing this. You can also get more suppliers to sell, using the
same
effort you put into going to the market. You should sell to make
things better.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]